To promote learning, this training is rich in multimedia.
Essential instructional content is provided by narration,
so if you set the player's audio to "Mute,
"closed captions will display a transcription of what is being said.
A "Master Agreement Reference Tool" and "Glossary" are
available to further support your learning.
Opened by selecting the "Master Agreement" button at the bottom
of the user interface, the "Master Agreement Reference
Tool" displays a copy of the 2017 Master Agreement in a new window.
The "glossary" is opened from the "Resources" button on the
bottom of the user interface.
A "Resources" page will display and the "Glossary" will open in a new window.
During the training you may see some glossary terms as onscreen links.
If you select a glossary term link,
the "glossary" will open in a new window with the selected term displayed.
You can keep both resources open during the training for quick reference.